### spiro

#### Table of Contents

1. [Project Description](#project-description)
2. [Features](#features)
3. [Installation](#installation)
4. [Usage](#usage)
5. [Screenshots & Demo](#screenshots--demo)
6. [License](#license)
7. [Author](#author)

---

#### Project Description

Inspired by the spirograph, spiro is a digital visualization tool. The core concept involves tracing a graph of a single particle orbiting a black hole without any friction. This results in a chaotic system where slightly different starting positions yield entirely different patterns. It allows to save and load the exact starting conditions via a 128-bit seed, represented as a BIP39 mnemonic seed.

**Note**: The seeds generated by spiro should not be used as Bitcoin seeds, and users should never enter their Bitcoin seed into this tool.

---

#### Features

- [ ] **Save & Load**: BIP39 mnemonic seeds for saving and loading specific patterns.
- [ ] **Themes**: Dark and light modes for better visibility.
- [ ] **Audio Capture**: Beat detection based on microphone or audio input, allowing pattern changes to be music-driven.
- [ ] **Time-Based Changes**: Alternative to audio-based pattern changes.
- [ ] **Rendering Options**: Switch between circles (96 bits) and shapes (128 bits).

---

#### Installation

1. Clone the repository
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/hvoecking/spiro.git
    ```

2. Install dependencies
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

---

#### Usage

1. Build the project
    ```bash
    npm run build
    ```

2. Start the development server
    ```bash
    npm run dev
    ```

---

#### Screenshots & Demo

For a live demo visit [hvo.io](http://hvo.io).

---

#### License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

---

#### Author

For any questions or feedback, please contact [heye@hvo.io](mailto:heye@hvo.io).
